# Research Log

Me
1. Found a cool paper that does Instrumental Variables (IV) on three big public universities. However, they instrument on zip code and that seems weird/wrong.
2. Found and just started reading another paper that uses Regression Discontinuity (RD). Uses the Dean's Scholarship to 
define a cutoff point in high school GPA. Students above and below the cutoff GPA are essentially the same, some get money and others don't and see how the scholarship affects GPA.
3. Have been doing everything in google drive and word.... should move things onto github.
4. Talked to Brooke Hunter at the Center for Life Beyond Reed.... need to find a job :(

Andrew
1. Emailed Sandy Sundstrom in financial aid to set up a meeting to discuss both research questions and data 
sources (Reed and beyond).
2. Emailed Chester and Kristin about setting up tex template.
3. RD - find same data as RD paper and expand on it or find different data and replicate study.
4. Yay for quasi-experiments!
5. How to Github
6. Lit Review

Yan
1. Possibility: IV - looking at Reed's endowment performance and how that is affected by the
 state of the economy and how that affects financial aid. Use these instruments to see the effect of financial aid on GPA.
2. IV and RD are good ... just find the data set that make it possible to do this with....
3. Look for a job!!!
4. Yes to Econometrics TA. Spring, ~6 hrs per week.
5. Talk to Mike Tamada - Director of Institutional Research. 
6. Maimonedes' Rule paper

To do:
1. email the registrar
  - email Mike Tamada and John Colgrove
2. lit review for Yan due Monday!!!
  - write
3. Look into more papers about regression discontinuity and instrumental variables.
